<p>The teacher engages in ongoing professional learning and uses evidence to continually evaluate his/her practice, particularly the effects of his/her choices and actions on others (learners, families, other professionals, and the community), and adapts practice to meet the needs of each learner.</p>
<h4>PDFs</h4>
<p><a href="Formative%20Assessment%20MS.pdf">Middle School Formative Assessment (Fall 2017)</a></p>
<p><a href="Formative%20Assessment%20HS.pdf">High School Formative Assessment (Fall 2017)</a></p>
<p><a href="Eastern%20Tech%20Observation%202.pdf">Supervisor Observation Feedback Spring 2018</a></p>
<p><a href="Trumble%20Eval.pdf">Middle School Summative Assessment (Spring 2018)</a></p>
<p><a href="Summative%20HS.pdf">High School Summative Assessment (Spring 2018)</a></p>
<p><a href="InTASC%209%20Reflection.pdf">InTASC 9 Reflection</a></p>

<p>Abstract: This portfolio entry is all about how I have grown over the course of my student teaching career. I have strengths, and I have things to improve upon, but I truly believe that my teaching style is incredibly different than it used to be and I love it. As I gain experience, I will grow even more as a teacher and I am excited to start my career with goals to work on. </p>
<p>Rationale: The artifacts in this portfolio entry truly show how I have grown as a teacher. During my student teaching I have not had many opportunities for schoolwide professional growth, but that does not mean that I haven’t grown. I use everything I can to build my knowledge and will continue to do so in my teaching career.</p>
<h3 align="center">InTASC 9 Reflection</h3>
<p>I have improved in my ability to give clear instructions and incorporating technology into the classroom –blended learning. Across the board my mentors and supervisors have commended me on how I bring technology into my lessons- I do it as often as I can. I believe my greatest strengths as a teacher is my updates on technology and how I can incorporate it, and my approachability. Technology is a large strength of mine because I am constantly researching to see if there is a new program or software available for me to try. I use technology for responsive instruction, engagement, formative assessment, explorations and discoveries, and so much more. I believe that students should be equipped to deal and adapt to technology in their home lives, and therefore school should help teach them to do so. So far I have used Quizizz, Quizlet Live, Desmos, Padlet, Geogebra, Socrative, Kahoot, Maps, and QR codes to engage learners and guide them to see that even in mathematics technology can be used for effective instruction. My high school mentor teacher has applauded me for using technology so much in the classroom, and is enthusiastic about the activities that I have taught her. My supervisor has also commented that I use it, and that I may be invited back to the program as a guest speaker on different technologies and how to use them for pre-service teachers. </p>
<p>Approachability is also a strength of mine. Students are not afraid to ask me questions, although sometimes they need to be prompted. Most students however easily come to me or raise their hand when they are confused, need help, or have a question. I always encourage my students to “ask me questions, I am here to help you”. For those students who do not like to ask questions in big group settings, I use small group activity times to circulate the classroom and ask each table “what are your questions?” Many students take this opportunity instead to get  clarification, therefore I do it as often as possible. I recently have begun doing a strategy where a student comes up to the board and “plays teacher” while I circulate, and that gives me the opportunity even while we are doing notes or an explanation phase to approach each student. And, students are always willing to come talk to me during enrichment periods, even if it is not math related. My approachability gives me the added connection and builds student-teacher relationships with students, which I am passionate about creating. </p>
<p>A challenge as a new teacher will be classroom management. I do not have the experience that many teachers have, and therefore I will be learning new strategies to manage classroom behavior as I teach throughout my years. I believe that I will never stop learning, but it is likely that I will learn the most during my first couple years. I have learned much during my student teaching, which my mentors and supervisors have noticed as I’ve grown. When substitute teachers come into the classroom, many of them mention how I usually have control of the classroom even when I thought it could have been better. Therefore while classroom management will absolutely be a challenge as a first year teacher, observation shows that I have grown my management skills over the months I have been interning in the classroom. Improvement of my skills in classroom management will never stop; I will learn something new every day of my teaching career. Building student teacher relationships will help with my classroom management as well, so I plan to start building and creating those as soon as school starts. </p>
<p>My first year as a teacher will be all about learning from my students and fellow teachers. In regard to classroom management specifically, I plan to ask peers what they do in certain  situations, and then adapt for my own classroom and my own style of teaching. I also plan on having students contribute expectations and consequences for their own class on the first day of school. I will make a Padlet for each class with a set of ground rules /expectations that I’ve come up with, and then have students post to that Padlet what they want to see in class and what they expect of me as well. On this Padlet there will also be sets of consequences for each action that requires one, and students will contribute to that as well so they can be accountable for their own actions. Then I will print the Padlet page for each student to keep in their binder and refer back to. I will also make a poster of the expectations for the classroom, in bright colors so it is easily visible and noticeable for students. I will incorporate these expectations as much as possible in my first two weeks, so that the culture of the classroom is recognized as a safe space that expects mutual respect from students and myself. I also plan on being real and genuine with students. An example of this from my student teaching would be a student that goes to the bathroom but ended up walking to the nurse’s bathroom without telling me. When that student came back, he/she told me where they had been and I told them to tell me specifically in the future as it was a safety issue (I needed to know where he/she was in case of an emergency). Students expect teachers to simply tell them not to do something, but I have learned from my gymnastics instructor days that giving reasons and justification makes the action more meaningful and therefore they are more likely to respect me and my decisions as a teacher. </p>

<h2 align="center">Portfolio Entries</h2>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/Emily-Trumble-Portfolio/">Introduction</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_1/">InTASC 1</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_2/">InTASC 2</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_3/">InTASC 3</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_4/">InTASC 4</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_5/">InTASC 5</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_6/">InTASC 6</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_7/">InTASC 7</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_8/">InTASC 8</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_9/">InTASC 9</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/InTASC_10/">InTASC 10</a></p>
<p align="center"><a href="https://etrumble.github.io/Technology_Standard/">Technology Standard</a></p>
